packages/docs/ssr/nuxt.md, before:

# Nuxt.js

Using Pinia with [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/) is easier since Nuxt takes care of a lot of things when it comes to _server side rendering_. For instance, **you don't need to care about serialization nor XSS attacks**.

## Installation

Make sure to install [`@nuxtjs/composition-api`](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/) alongside `pinia`:

```bash
yarn add pinia @pinia/nuxt @nuxtjs/composition-api
# or with npm
npm install pinia @pinia/nuxt @nuxtjs/composition-api
```

We supply a _module_ to handle everything for you, you only need to add it to `buildModules` in your `nuxt.config.js` file:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  // ... other options
  buildModules: [
    // Nuxt 2 only:
    // https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/getting-started/setup#quick-start
    '@nuxtjs/composition-api/module',
    '@pinia/nuxt',
  ],
}
```

And that's it, use your store as usual!

## Using the store outside of `setup()`

If you want to use a store outside of `setup()`, remember to pass the `pinia` object to `useStore()`. We added it to [the context](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/internals-glossary/context) so you have access to it in `asyncData()` and `fetch()`:

```js
import { useStore } from '~/stores/myStore'

export default {
  asyncData({ $pinia }) {
    const store = useStore($pinia)
  },
}
```

## Using the Nuxt context in stores

You can also use [the context](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/internals-glossary/context) in any store by using the injected property `$nuxt`:

```js
import { useUserStore } from '~/stores/userStore'

defineStore('cart', {
  actions: {
    purchase() {
      const user = useUserStore()
      if (!user.isAuthenticated()) {
        this.$nuxt.redirect('/login')
      }
    },
  },
})
```

## Using Pinia alongside Vuex

It is recommended to **avoid using both Pinia and Vuex** but if you need to use both, you need to tell pinia to not disable it:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  buildModules: [
    '@nuxtjs/composition-api/module',
    ['@pinia/nuxt', { disableVuex: false }],
  ],
  // ... other options
}
```

## TypeScript

If you are using TypeScript or have a `jsconfig.json`, you should also add the types for `context.pinia`:

```json
{
  "types": [
    // ...
    "@pinia/nuxt"
  ]
}
```

This will also ensure you have autocompletion 😉 .

Commit message:

Adding warning about disabling vuex in nuxt module
I think it should be pointed out a bit more clearly that vuex will be disabled by default.

packages/docs/ssr/nuxt.md, after:

# Nuxt.js

Using Pinia with [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/) is easier since Nuxt takes care of a lot of things when it comes to _server side rendering_. For instance, **you don't need to care about serialization nor XSS attacks**.

## Installation

Make sure to install [`@nuxtjs/composition-api`](https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/) alongside `pinia`:

```bash
yarn add pinia @pinia/nuxt @nuxtjs/composition-api
# or with npm
npm install pinia @pinia/nuxt @nuxtjs/composition-api
```

We supply a _module_ to handle everything for you, you only need to add it to `buildModules` in your `nuxt.config.js` file:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  // ... other options
  buildModules: [
    // Nuxt 2 only:
    // https://composition-api.nuxtjs.org/getting-started/setup#quick-start
    '@nuxtjs/composition-api/module',
    '@pinia/nuxt',
  ],
}
```

And that's it, use your store as usual! Be aware that Vuex will be **disabled** by default, if you still need Vuex [the context](https://pinia.vuejs.org/ssr/nuxt.html#using-pinia-alongside-vuex)!

## Using the store outside of `setup()`

If you want to use a store outside of `setup()`, remember to pass the `pinia` object to `useStore()`. We added it to [the context](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/internals-glossary/context) so you have access to it in `asyncData()` and `fetch()`:

```js
import { useStore } from '~/stores/myStore'

export default {
  asyncData({ $pinia }) {
    const store = useStore($pinia)
  },
}
```

## Using the Nuxt context in stores

You can also use [the context](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/internals-glossary/context) in any store by using the injected property `$nuxt`:

```js
import { useUserStore } from '~/stores/userStore'

defineStore('cart', {
  actions: {
    purchase() {
      const user = useUserStore()
      if (!user.isAuthenticated()) {
        this.$nuxt.redirect('/login')
      }
    },
  },
})
```

## Using Pinia alongside Vuex

It is recommended to **avoid using both Pinia and Vuex** but if you need to use both, you need to tell pinia to not disable it:

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  buildModules: [
    '@nuxtjs/composition-api/module',
    ['@pinia/nuxt', { disableVuex: false }],
  ],
  // ... other options
}
```

## TypeScript

If you are using TypeScript or have a `jsconfig.json`, you should also add the types for `context.pinia`:

```json
{
  "types": [
    // ...
    "@pinia/nuxt"
  ]
}
```

This will also ensure you have autocompletion 😉 .
